Panorama list rules command (#15770)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_7_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-list-rules*** command fails on rules with tag: null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-list-rules*** command failed on rules without tags.
```

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.8.24399*.

> - Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-list-rules*** command failed on rules without tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-list-rules*** command would fail on rules without tags.
```

Reviewer: @MosheEichler Please accept
